[WIP] update env var doc (#4186)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_api/v1-reference.md

<h2 id="new-build-branch">Trigger a new Build with a Branch</h2>

> <span class='label label-info'>Note:</span> For more about build parameters, read about [using 1.0 parameterized builds]( {{ site.baseurl }}/1.0/parameterized-builds/) and [optional 2.0 build parameters]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/env-vars/#injecting-environment-variables-with-api-v1). The response for "failed" should be a boolean `true` or `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span class='label label-info'>Note:</span> For more information about build parameters, refer to the [using 1.0 parameterized builds]( {{ site.baseurl }}/1.0/parameterized-builds/) and [optional 2.0 build parameters]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/env-vars/#injecting-environment-variables-with-api-v1) pages. The response for "failed" should be a boolean `true` or `null`.
```
